W-14879522 Add j 17 back (#517)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: mule-gateway/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-custom-java-version.adoc

* If your policy is using custom connectors, see xref:general::customer-connector-upgrade.adoc[] to upgrade them.
* If your policy uses extensions provided by Mule API Gateway, update the version of the dependency in your `pom.xml` file to a version that supports your new Java version.
+
For an example of how to use extensions in your custom policy, see xref:policies-custom-http-transform.adoc[].
+
To find the first Java 17-compatible version of the extension, see the following table. All versions support Java 8:
+
[width="100%", cols="a,a"]
|===
| Extension artifact ID | First Java 17-compatible version
| mule-client-id-enforcement-extension | 1.2.0
| mule-cors-extension | 1.3.0
| mule-event-authentication-extension | 1.1.0
| mule-federation-extension | 1.4.0
| mule-http-policy-transform | 3.2.0
| mule-http-proxy-extension | 1.2.0
| mule-ip-filter-extension | 2.1.0
| mule-json-threat-protection-extension | 1.2.0
| mule-jwt-extension | 1.3.0
| mule-rest-validator-extension | 2.3.0
| mule-soap-fault | 2.1.0
| mule-throttling-extension | 3.1.0
| mule-tokenization-extension | 1.2.0
| mule-wsdl-functions-extension | 1.2.0
| mule-xml-threat-protection-extension | 1.2.0

> |===

Reviewer: line break so it renders properly

== Configure the Java Version of Your Policy

For your policy to support different Java versions, you must modify the implementation metadata file to include the `supportedJavaVersions` field. The `supportedJavaVersions` supports the Java versions `8`, `11`, and `17`. If you do not include the `supportedJavaVersions` field, your policy supports only Java 8. As specified in <<before-you-begin>>, all policy dependencies must also support the listed Java versions.

For newer custom policies, your implementation metadata file and definition metadata file are split into two separate `YAML` files. However, for older policies, your implementation metadata file and definition metadata file might be included in the same `YAML` file. See the following sections the add the `supportedJavaVersions` to your relevant file structure:

* <<split-model-policies>>

> * <<non-split-model-policies>>

Reviewer: line break for h3 so it renders properly

= Configuring the Java Version of a Custom Policy
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: policy, endpoint

Mule Gateway custom policies can support different Java versions. To upgrade your custom policy to a newer version of Java, ensure that all policy dependencies support the new Java version and add the new Java version to your policy's implementation metadata YAML file. 

After you upgrade the policy:

. xref:policies-custom-package.adoc[Package the custom policy].
. xref:policies-custom-upload-to-exchange.adoc[Republish the custom policy to Exchange].
. xref:general::upgrade-policies-proxies.adoc[Upgrade your applied policies to the new policy version].

[[before-you-begin]]
== Before You Begin

Before upgrading the Java version of your policy, ensure all dependencies are compatible with that Java version:

> * If your policy is using custom connectors, see xref:general::customer-connector-upgrade.adoc[] to upgrade them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your policy is using custom connectors, see xref:general::java-support.adoc#custom-connectors[] to upgrade them.
```
